
3.when into select feature, the top bar where it shows items selected, it should transparent. not opaque and certainly placed properly above the search bar- another thinig,
4. huge problem with back links...
when im in security page, and i open any card like reused one and click back button from my mobile navigation it takes me to home page... it should take me back to security page...
note: every back click should take user to previous screen not to home page or any other page... carefully tracing there paths...
after i ran security check it a red card showing list of compromised was there and when i opened it, and then pressed back, it took me to home page, and when i went  back to security page the whole audit was gone... the audit should be there shouldn't change until new audit was ran...
5. tools page, the generate and copy buttons hide in the bottom navbar... they should be above it...
7. the move feauture in select mode, moves the passwords but doesn't delete them from the previous category.
8. no horizontal section of categories in list view... 
9. add favourites and recent cards/section in both grid and list view
10, manage categories paeg, 
a. remove hte pink glowing effects and remove the start icon on the header. and the profile icon shoudnt change in any part of the app...
b. in mobile view, this section is not dynamic the text is overlaying and not adjusted properly as u can see in the image.
c. add delete icon so that user can delete any category even the default one and rename them or adjust them as they want. only exception is passwords category that is not renamed cant be deleted.
d. main categories are not moving up or down fix that.
e. create new category- remove the staricon, parent category in that dropdown include all the available categories there(make sure it displays available categories nto the default fixed ones we now have, so infuture if user edits and deleltes a few it should reflect in entire app)

11. sidebar
a. remove the texts onetime codes passkeys, paymentcards, notes, ids form there, only keep the categories that are available taking info from the categories section. like passwords then their subcategories email/bankinetc..
b. make the parent categories collapsible in hte sidebar
c. in the templates section, there is a heading saved templpate entries... it shouldn't be there. and no passwords should be thre . no template items nothing,,,
just templates thats all
d. make sure all the passwords newly saved with the help of tempaltes are saved in their respective categories. not in that template section page.
e. entirely remove the type dropdown or type feature showing website, apps, doorlock etc ... it shouldn't be anywhere in the app... 
f. only the categories that are there in the categories section should be there not any other like the type dropdown categories are no use.
g. the sidebar when opened goes under the mobiles navbar, the recycle bin goes under the mobile navbar buttons,it should be above that.

12. settings
a. remove the vault categories section frm there.
b. the legal section has  three items when i went inside the t&c and i click back it took me to login page. instead it should have taken me to settings page... make sure the legal items open insdie app nto on a browser page or anything. and also the paddings in those pages are not adjusted properly sa u can see in the iamge the headings are going above the screen layout.





